The weak completion semantics (WCS) based on three-valued Łukasiewicz logic has been demonstrated to be an adequate model for general human reasoning in a variety of different domains. Among the many experimental paradigms in cognitive psychology, the Wason Selection Task (WST) is a core problem with more than 200 publications demonstrating key factors of the systematic deviation of human reasoning from classical logic. Previous attempts were able to model general response patterns, but not the individual responses of participants. This paper provides a novel generalization of the weak completion semantics by using two additional principles, abduction and contraposition: This extension can model the four canonical cases of the WST for the Abstract, Everyday, and Deontic problem domain. Finally, a quantitative comparison between the WCS predictions of the extended model and the individual participants’ responses in the three problem domains is performed. It demonstrates the power of the WCS to adequately model human reasoning on an individual human reasoner level.. Breu, Christian & Ind, Axel & Mertesdorf, Julia & Ragni, Marco. (2019). The Weak Completion Semantics Can Model Inferences of Individual Human Reasoners. 10.1007/978-3-030-19570-0_33. The weak completion semantics (WCS) based on three-valued Łukasiewicz logic has been demonstrated to be an adequate model for general human reasoning in a variety of different domains. Among the many experimental paradigms in cognitive psychology, the Wason Selection Task (WST) is a core problem with more than 200 publications demonstrating key factors of the systematic deviation of human reasoning from classical logic. Previous attempts were able to model general response patterns, but not the individual responses of participants. This paper provides a novel generalization of the weak completion semantics by using two additional principles, abduction and contraposition: This extension can model the four canonical cases of the WST for the Abstract, Everyday, and Deontic problem domain. Finally, a quantitative comparison between the WCS predictions of the extended model and the individual participants’ responses in the three problem domains is performed. It demonstrates the power of the WCS to adequately model human reasoning on an individual human reasoner level.